Howdy, folks.
It's Barry here from My Virgin Kitchen.
I'm in the Videojug kitchen and today it's
part of my playlist 'Good Food Good Times'.
Nice amazing, unintimidating recipes that
you're going to love.
Today it's a quinoa chili served bunny chow
style, which is hollowed out bread.
I'll show you that later.
Let's get on and make it, and I really hope
you give it a try.
[music]
This recipe couldn't be simpler.
So first thing you need is a nice, hot pan,
so we're going to chuck some olive oil in
there first of all and we're going to soften
up our red onion.
So I've got some red onion that I've chopped
up.
It's just one red onion like that, nice and
fine, so we'll get it in there.
The onions going to cook away nice and soft,
about five minutes.
So just work it round that high heat, get
it really softened and break down.
So what we'll see here is we've got a lovely
color on there, and with color, folks, comes
flavor.
Now that's a really important life lesson
for you, but anyhow, we must move on.
Here is some nice chopped garlic.
I'm just going to push that in there.
It's only going to take about one minute or
so just to brown through, so that's why the
onion got priority.
Some mild chili powder.
About a teaspoon of that, but feel free to
ramp it up and make it as strong as you like.
This is going to be quite a mild chili.
And again, cumin.
About a teaspoon of that, maybe a heaped teaspoon
if I'm feeling a little kinky today.
So let's just stir it through, get it nice
and coated on there.
Let it stain the onions and the garlic.
Just about a minute on there and then we're
going to chuck a load of stuff in this party.
If you're going to try this recipe, guys,
don't forget all the ingredients and the method
are down below in the description box, so
give it a try.
Right folks, the color in there is looking
good, the smell is like a boudoir of flavor
heaven, you're in it with me.
Let's carry on.
We're going to get some tomatoes in here.
This is a tin of chopped tomatoes.
Not just one, but two.
Good heaped teaspoon of oregano.
mix that through a little bit.
Good times.
And you see that's really soothed it down
now.
The onion and the garlic is thanking it.
It's a little bit cooler now.
The flavors are so good in there, I'm loving
it.
Here is a tin of mixed beans in water.
I'm going to tip a little bit of the water
in there to give it something to simmer off
later on.
Mix that through.
It's really cool.
Nice texture in there, that's what that's
going to add.
We need to add some more veg in there.
The tomatoes did their thing but we've got
some chopped courgette here.
This is one courgette here that I've chopped
into sort of half and then half again, so
it's kind of like a triangle or a happy face.
So in that goes, like so.
It's going to really soften up in there.
It's going to be so good.
In here I've got a bowl of peppers and also
sweet bell peppers that have been chopped
and deseeded.
If you want to ramp it up a bit, you could
use scotch bonnets, you know, for that extra
kick.
But these are just going to go in.
We're going for a nice, kind of sweet feel
on the chili.
So I'll mix this all through, get it all nice
and coated in there.
So all we do is simply season it, so a good
sprinkling of salt there.
Nice big chunk of salt crystals going on,
and then an extra grinding of pepper in there.
I hope you'll agree it's a little bit of a
color fest going on in that pan.
The good news is you get to now just chill
out for about 15 minutes, so if you're enjoying
this video, don't forget to give it a thumbs
up, comment, share and subscribe to both my
Virgin Kitchen and the Videojug food channel.
We've got something to do with a bunny in
a bit, involving the bread, but as I say,
just subscribe and chill out for a bit.
Okay, so that's had a good 15 minute simmer
and it's time to add in our quinoa.
Now if you don't know what this is, it's kind
of like the buzz thing at the moment.
It's like a posh couscous.
Let's just push this in like so.
Oh my goodness.
I've already precooked this, by the way.
Just simmered it for 15 minutes in some water
so it really expands.
Some sweetcorn on top like that, nice yellowy
mountain.
Just going to push this down, work it all
through.
Good times.
So this really doesn't need much cooking time.
All we're doing is warming through the sweetcorn
and the quinoa.
So get it all nice and coated, warm it through,
we'll work on our bread and then it's time
to serve it.
We've got a loaf of bread and effectively
what we do is cut it into thirds, hollow that
out and serve it.
Now apparently this is like a South African
tradition from years ago where they used to
serve curry in there.
If you're South African or you know more about
bunny chow, let me know more below.
I'd love to know.
I need a life lesson from you guys.
Let's cut this up.
So I'm just cutting this bread through, and
it's really important that the loaf that you're
using is both uncut but also has got a flat
edge there.
All I'm going to do is just hollow out the
bread in, like, little lumps like this.
And don't feel generous.
Don't give it to the birds in the garden.
You get to keep this bit as well.
It's going to be great because we're going
to dunk that.
People used to dunk that in their curry apparently,
so we're going to dunk that in our chili as
well at the end.
So hollow this out.
Leave a little bit so it doesn't seep out.
Give it some walls.
Good times.
Right, it's time to serve it up, and it just
came to me that the hollowed out bread acts
as quite a good mobile phone holder, so if
you're interested, you know, you could stock
that and maybe make a business plan out of
that.
But anyhow, let's get on with our chili.
We're going to just ladle it straight in there.
Oh my goodness, this is good.
I really like sort of rustic food.
I really like just getting my hands on stuff
and I kind of just want to go 'argh', caveman
on it, but I'm not going to do that right
now.
I'm going to carry on filling this up.
The colorfulness in there is looking good.
The smell, the flavor and the texture when
you bite into it, you're going to love it,
and it's going to be so worthwhile.
How easy was this to make?
How easy was that?
So good.
I can't wait to eat this but we need to add
a little bit more, jut a little bit of finesse
on there.
Some grated cheddar cheese.
I live near Cheddar, actually.
That's a random fact for you.
A little bit of coolness from some sour cream.
Just a little dollop there.
Sprinkling of chopped coriander.
So I hope you'll agree guys, I've just stuffed
in a little bit of scraps of bread there to
refer back to that bunny reference.
It is looking amazing.
I can't wait to eat it.
I really hope you have a go too, and if you
do, don't forget to send me a picture at My
Virgin Kitchen and of course Videojug food,
and we'll love to see what you come up with.
I'll see you again next time.
[music]